
This directory contains examples.tex, source files for the diagrams
that are imported when examples.tex is LaTeXed, and some other standalone
diagrams. To generate examples.pdf in a unix-like environment (versions
of unix, linux, cygwin, djgpp, ...):

1.  Install the libraries as described in the top-level README file.
2.  In this directory, type "make".  If your installed dpic is the
    Mingw version included in the dpic distribution, (a) edit the
    file windows.m4 to point to your installation folder, and (b) uncomment
    the CUSTOM=windows.m4 line in the Makefile, or type
    "make CUSTOM=windows.m4".

To test one of the diagrams, say ex01.m4, type one of the following
(and have a look at the comments at the top of the Makefile):
"make ex01.ps"
"make ex01.eps"
"make ex01.pdf" (uses pdflatex)
"make ex01.png" (requires Imagemagick convert)
"make ex01.tif" (requires Imagemagick convert)
"make ex01.svg" (requires Imagemagick convert, but see the svg folder)

IN CASE OF DIFFICULTY: Look at files debug1.tex and debug2.m4, and
follow the instructions.

To test and debug a single diagram, write it into test.m4.  Type
"make tst" to process the file, creating test.tex, which is imported into
tst.tex.  The diagram source and tst.tex are processed twice in case
the boxdim macro is being used.  If you only need to process once, type
"make tst1".  In both cases the resulting file is tst.ps.
To use tikz and pdflatex to produce test.pdf, type "make test.pdf" as above.

To test and debug a single diagram in a different directory, copy Makefile
and tst.tex to where you want to work, adjust the definition of LIBDIR
in Makefile if environment variable M4PATH has not been defined, and type
one of the above commands.

By default, the dpic processor is invoked, producing TiKz commands.
To use PSTricks instead, type "make clean; make examples.ps".
To process the diagrams using TikZ PGF for processing either by LaTeX or
PDFlatex, type "make" or "make examplespgf.ps" in the pgf subdirectory.

There are often several methods of producing similar graphical results,
particularly of text labels.  Some of the diagrams in this directory are
slightly more complicated than required for Tikz or PSTricks in order
that they will work with other postprocessors. Dpic output that does
not handle LaTeX labels has to be treated separately as, for example,
in the svg directory.

To process the diagrams using .eps intermediate files with embedded psfrag
strings, go into the psfrag directory and read the README file.

To process the diagrams using MetaPost, look in the mpost subdirectory.

The xfig subdirectory contains the file xfig/xfiglib.fig, which contains
elements in xfig 3.2 format produced by dpic for importing into xfig.

SVG: Look in the svg directory for an experimental configuration file and
examples.
