                       The confproc package

                  ($Date: 2010/08/05 00:00:01 $)

                 Copyright (c) 2011 by Vincent Verfaille
                <confproc.verfaille@gmail.com>

Purpose:
  Confproc is a LaTeX2e package providing a new document-class together
  with various tools (Perl and Unix/bash scripts) for building conference
  proceedings, or concatenating any set of PDFs with a table of contents,
  index, bookmarks and general bibliography. The LaTeX2e class is mainly
  based on the 'pdfpages' package for PDF papers inclusion, and the
  'hyperref' package for creating proper links, bookmarks and general
  bibliography back references. It also uses many other packages for fine
  tuning the table of contents, bibliography and  index of authors.
  Current version 0.8 is the previous 0.7 major update with key-value option
  management, that has now been tested with TeXLive 2011.
  The added value of this class is in the time saved to quickly design
  conference proceedings or any collection of PDFs.

Files:
  - main file:
    confproc.dtx        Docstrip archive
                        To generate the doc, run this through LaTeX.

  - class files:
    confproc.ins        Batch file (do: pdflatex confproc.dtx)
    confproc.drv        Driver for documentation (do: pdflatex confproc.ins)
                        Edit to generate customized doc + pdflatex confproc.drv
    confproc.cls        LaTeX package (do: pdflatex confproc.ins)
    confproc.cfg        Configuration file (do: pdflatex confproc.ins)
    confproc.dvi        Package documentation (do: pdflatex confproc.drv)

  - example files (do: pdflatex confproc.ins):
    confproc1.ist       Index style
    confproc2.ist       Index style
    example1empty.tex   Simplest example file
    example2custom.tex  Customized example file
    example3optim.tex   Idem with automatic program generation
    example4optim.tex   Idem with option management
    expapersswitch.tex  Paper switch for paper insertion
    exsessions.tex      Program sessions
    exclasspre.tex      Class options for 1st pdflatex runs on 'example4optim.tex'
    exclasslastpb.tex   Class options for last pdflatex run (paperback version)
    exclasslastel.tex   Class options for last pdflatex run (electronic version)
    exbiblio.bib        Bibliography for example*optim.tex
    exprogram.csv       Comma-separated conference program
    newapave.bst        Bibliography style from 'newapa.bst'
    newapave.sty        Bibliography style from 'newapa.sty'

  - example scripts (do: pdflatex confproc.ins):
    prepareexample.sh        Unix/bash script to prepare example files and
                             folders (used it after running LaTeX on .dtx and .ins)
    buildproc.sh             Unix/bash script: build the 'example3optim.tex' example
    buildprocelpb.sh         Unix/bash script: build the 'example4optim.tex'
                             example with paperback and electronic PDF versions
                             & individual papers extracted
    buildpapers.sh           Unix/bash script: re-build all the papers
    buildcppdfpapers.sh      Unix/bash script: copy papers to the right spot
    countnbpages.sh          Unix/bash script: count PDFs nb of pages
                             Requires 'pdftk' to be installed. Get it from:
                             http://www.pdftk.com or http://www.accesspdf.com/pdftk/
    exportIndividualPDFs.sh  Unix/bash scrit using pdftk to extract
                             each individual paper from the proceedings,
                             for proper page numbering and headers.
                             Requires 'pdftk' and 'Ghostscript' to be installed.
    generateswitch.pl        Perl script generating 'expapersswitch.tex'
                             from  'exprogram.csv'.
                             Requires Perl to be installed.
    papersinfo.sh            Unix/bash script to generate individual PDFs
                             with proper metadata. Requires 'pdftk' to be installed.
    paperssplitpreamble.sh   preamble of a Unix/bash script (papersplit.sh)
                             generated by exportIndividualPDFs.sh
    removeLaTeXcmds.sh       Unix/bash script to remove LaTeX accents and
                             commands for titles in PDF metadata.
                             Requires Perl to be installed.


Read me:
  readme.txt          This file (do: pdflatex confproc.dtx)


Installation:
  pdflatex confproc.dtx   Creates docstrip installation file
                          confproc.ins and this file
  pdflatex confproc.ins   Creates 'confproc.cls' class file, example
                          files, scripts and documentation drive 'confproc.drv'

  Docstrip options available:
    package - to produce a (LaTeX2e) class file (.cls)
    driver  - to produce a driver file to print the documentation
    example - to produce an example file, which demonstrates the
              possibilities of the package

  Move confproc.cls into a directory searched by LaTeX.
  pdflatex confproc.dtx  Creates the (LaTeX2e) documentation.

optionally:
  Edit confproc.drv   and customize the documentation to your wishes.
  LaTeX confproc.drv  Generates customized documentation.
        Depending on your customization you will have to run
            makeindex confproc.idx -s gind.ist -o confproc.ind
        and/or
            makeindex confproc.glo -s gglo.ist -o confproc.gls
  pdfLaTeX example*.tex   Demonstrate the possibilities of this package.


Contact:
  E-Mail:    confproc.verfaille@gmail.com
  Address:   Vincent Verfaille, Montreal, QC, Canada

Legal stuff:
  readme.txt, the ReadMe file for the confproc package
  Copyright (c) 2011 by Vincent Verfaille
                        <confproc.verfaille@gmail.com>

  This file is part of the confproc package.
  -------------------------------------------

  There is no warranty for the confproc package.  I provide the
  program `as is', without warranty of any kind, either expressed or
  implied, including, but not limited to, the implied warranties of
  merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.  The entire
  risk as to the quality and performance of the program is with you.
  Should the program prove defective, you assume the cost of all
  necessary servicing, repair, or correction.

  This program may be distributed and/or modified under the
  conditions of the LaTeX Project Public License, either version 1.2
  of this license or (at your option) any later version.

  The latest version of this license is in
    http://www.latex-project.org/lppl.txt
  and version 1.2 or later is part of all distributions of LaTeX
  version 1999/12/01 or later.

  This is a generated file.  It may not be distributed without the
  original source file confproc.dtx.

  This program consists of the confproc.dtx file.

  Files generated by means of unpacking this program using the
  docstrip program may be distributed at the distributor's
  discretion.  However if they are distributed then a copy of
  this program must be distributed together with them.
