Adfathesis

This class modifies the standard report class to meet the requirements
of the Australian Defence Force Academy (a college of the University
of New South Wales) as given in the `University College Handbook'.
This class is ultimately derived from the old suthesis style.

The main changes in this class are firstly to use space and a half
interline spacing, except in footnote, figure and table environments
where normal spacing is used.  Secondly the chapter and section
headings are changed to be less `shouting' than the standard LaTeX
designs.  Thirdly less profligate use was made of vertical spacing.
There is more information in a short document appended to the end of
adfathesis.cls (I have not progressed to using a .dtx).

Since two sided theses are now accepted for theses, I used the
adfathesis class with the following options:

\documentclass[a4paper,12pt,openright,twoside]{adfathesis}

As supplied adfathesis automatically uses the Harvard package and the
supplied `adfathesis.bst' is designed to work with the Harvard
package.  If you wish to use a different bst, such as `plain.bst',
this will not be appropriate.  There is a class option `normalbib'
which stops the automatic use of the Harvard package, and hence allows
use of either the standard LaTeX bibliography style or an alternative
package.

Version 2.3

Changes: \cleardoublepage modified to ensure that blank pages use the
empty pagestyle (from the fancyhdr documentation).  Changes to default
penalty values affecting widows/orphans, following suggestions in a
post by Michael Downs on comp.text.tex.  The table and table*
environments are defined to automatically swap the settings for
abovecaptionskip and belowcaptionskip, so table captions have the
correct spacing when above the table.

Version 2.4

Changes: added an option `honours' that changes the titlepage to one
more appropriate to a Honours report.  For this option you should set
\degreetype in the preamble to the appropriate faculty, it defaults to
`Science'.  Improved vertical spacing around chapter headings.

The files supplied are as follows:

        adfathesis.bst
        adfathesis.cls
        adfathesis.sty
        00readme.txt
        template.tex

Version 2.5

Changes: modified to use docstrip.  No other changes were made.

Stephen Harker  sjh@ph.adfa.edu.au
