cbfonts-fd bundle, version 1.2 of 2017/07/29
Copyright 2013-2016 Claudio Beccari

This work may be distributed and/or modified under the conditions of
the LaTeX Project Public License, either version 1.3 of this license or
(at your option) any later version. The latest version of this license
is in http://www.latex-project.org/lppl.txt and version 1.3 or later is
part of all distributions of LaTeX version 2003/12/01 or later.

This work and every derived work are subject to the above
licence.

This work cbfonts-fd.fdd replaces part of the functionality of the previous
work cbgreek.dtx and cbgreek-main.ins and their derived font description files; 
Cbgreek.dtx was written by several authors under the supervision of Johannes 
Braams. That package contains the necessary files for typesetting Greek texts by 
using the cbfonts that are encoded with the LGR encoding. 

The .ins file could extract from that single file both the .sty and .def files, 
required by the babel package in order to typeset Greek texts, and the font
description files required by the NFSS to access the Greek cbfonts.

The actual maintainer of that file is Guenter Milde, who takes care of the files 
required by the babel package; this package cbfonts-fd takes care of the font 
description files required to typeset Greek text with the Greek cbfonts.

The babel Greek typesetting files change the language script (from Latin to 
Greek and vice versa) by changing just the encoding; therefore the family 
names of the Greek fonts must match the family names of the Latin ones.

The standard Latin fonts that can be matched with the Greek cbfonts are the EC 
ones and the latin Modern ones; other Greek fonts do exist that match other Latin 
ones, and they are distributed with their own font description files so as to 
keep the script switching mechanism working properly.

This cbfonts-fd.fdd file is a self extracting documented file; by running it 
through pdflatex, the suitable font description files are extracted and the 
documentation is typeset.

The extracted or typeset files are:
	cbfonts-fd.pdf
    	lgrcmr.fd
	lgrcmro.fd
	lgrcmtt.fd
	lgrcmss.fd
	lgrlcmss.fd
	lgrlcmtt.fd}
	lgrlmr.fd
	lgrlmro.fd
	lgrlmss.fd
	lgrlmtt.fd

As usual, the pdf file should be moved to a suitable folder along the /doc 
branch of TL together with the manifest.txt and README files. The .fd files 
should be moved to a suitable directory where TeX and friends can find them. 
This .fdd file should be moved to a suitable folder along the /source branch 
of TL.

Claudio Beccari 